add abstract and audience (#49)
decentralized-identity/jwt-vc-presentation-profile: spec/spec.md

## Abstract

> The JWT VC Presentation Profile defines a set of specifications to enable the interoperable presentation of [[ref:Verifiable Credentials]] (VCs) between digital [[ref: Wallets]] and credential [[ref: Verifiers]].

Reviewer: let's just say "between wallet and verifiers", or redefine terminology to "digital wallet", and "credential verifier"?

Author: can do!

> The JWT VC Presentation Profile defines a set of specifications to enable the interoperable presentation of [[ref:Verifiable Credentials]] (VCs) between digital [[ref: Wallets]] and credential [[ref: Verifiers]].

Reviewer 2: It might be more clear to be a "set of requirements" than a set of specifications, since in the next sentence we say that we're not a specification :)

Reviewer 2: Or even "a set of requirements against existing specifications" perhaps?

Reviewer: +1

Author: ah great!! updating.

> The JWT VC Presentation Profile defines a set of specifications to enable the interoperable presentation of [[ref:Verifiable Credentials]] (VCs) between digital [[ref: Wallets]] and credential [[ref: Verifiers]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWT VC Presentation Profile defines a set of requirements against existing specifications to enable the interoperable presentation of [[ref:Verifiable Credentials]] (VCs) between [[ref: Wallets]] and [[ref: Verifiers]].
```

This document is not a specification, but a **profile**. It outlines existing specifications required for implementations to interoperate among each other. It also clarifies mandatory to implement features for the optionalities mentioned in the referenced specifications.

The profile uses OpenID for Verifiable Presentations ([[ref: OpenID4VP ID1]]) as the base protocol for the request and verification of JWT VCs encapsulated in [[ref:Verifiable Presentations]]. A full list of the open standards used in this profile can be found in [Overview of the Open Standards Requirements](#overview-of-the-open-standards-requirements).

### Audience

> The audience of the document is broad and can range from Open ID and OAuth providers to verifiable credential implementers and/or enthusiasts. The first few sections give an overview of the problem area and profile requirements for JWT VC interoperability. Subsequent sections are detailed and technical, describing the protocol flow and request-responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audience of the document are verifiable credential implementers and/or enthusiasts. The first few sections give an overview of the problem area and profile requirements for JWT VC interoperability. Subsequent sections are detailed and technical, describing the protocol flow and request-responses.
```

Reviewer: I am not comfortable separating OAuth implementers from VC implementers. Our audience is very clear - those interested in building VC implementations.

Author: no prob! updating.

[[def:Self Issued OpenID Provider (SIOP), Self Issued OpenID Provider, SIOP]]  
~ An OpenID Provider (OP) used by an [[ref:End User]] to prove control over a cryptographically verifiable identifier such as a [[ref:DID]].

> [[def:Verifiable Credential (VC), Verifiable Credential, VC, Verifiable Credentials]]

Reviewer: why is this enumeration needed? what does it do?

Author: this one helps my link in the first paragraph... I do the first link/ref with plural Verifiable Credentials.
